Input:\nWrite a story on a murder that occurs in an engineering college\n\n### Response:\n AMBRA VIDAL STOOD alone in the rain on the suspension bridge connecting the main campus to the engineering college. I’m through with you, she thought, staring at the sprawling buildings beyond the bridge. You can’t control me anymore. The building at the far end of the campus was a twenty-minute walk from the main campus, and as Ambra reached it, the rain was starting to fall harder. I’ve left no trace, she thought, feeling triumphant as she reached the building’s entrance. Not a single e-mail, phone call, or text message. It was all so clear to her now. Edmond’s mysterious phone call to Julián. The reason Prince Julián looked relieved when Ambra told him she was leaving Barcelona. The secret Julián had been hiding from her all night. Ambra had realized, as the old saying went, that the truth always lies at the intersection of two lies. In this case, the first lie had been Prince Julián claiming that Bishop Valdespino had been trying to contact him. The opposite was true. Julián had been lying all night. He was the one who had been calling Edmond—and Edmond was his pawn in a ploy to drive Ambra and Julián apart. Why? Ambra still didn’t have full clarity on that, but she suspected it had to do with Julián’s continued desire to be king, and Edmond’s continued desire to control him. Either way, Julián had definitely been lying about trying to reach Valdespino. Ambra had seen the bishop earlier that evening, and Valdespino had mentioned no plans to call Julián. In fact, Valdespino had seemed uneasy when Julián’s name came up at all. So Ambra had investigated. She’d called Príncipe Julián’s number, and it was ringing in the hand of Bishop Valdespino, who was now walking across the campus. Valdespino saw Ambra standing in the rain and looked uneasy. “Ambra,” he called out, reaching for his phone. “Don’t answer that!” She walked faster. “He needs to know, Edmund told me—” “Julián is the one who told Edmond about my pregnancy!” She could barely say the words. “And then Edmond used that information to set up a meeting with Valdespino and me tonight, a meeting that Julián knew about!” Valdespino looked baffled, and Ambra could see that Julián was talking to Edmond on the phone. “Ambra,” Valdespino called out, “you need to come over here! Julián is trying to tell me something important!” But Ambra had stopped in her tracks, her news spreading a chill through the evening air. “Edmond is not here tonight,” she called out. “He’s at an engineering college, miles away, watching me through a two-way mirror!” Valdespino’s eyes widened, and Julián stared blankly from the phone. “He recruited Winston’s assassin!” Ambra declared. “And he’s going to use her to kill Valdespino and me tonight! But she’ll kill you, too, Julián, if you don’t let me explain!” Valdespino still looked baffled, and yet Julián was now listening intently to Edmond on the phone. After a long moment, Julián spoke. “Edmond wants me to tell you,” he said, his words barely audible, “that he’s sorry.” He paused. “And that he loves you.” Julián handed the phone to Valdespino, and Ambra could only listen in silence as Edmond Kirsch spoke to the man he was trying to kill. “I’m sorry, Robert,” Edmond said calmly. “It seems we’ve come to a parting of the ways. I’ve made you a deal, and you need to decide quickly if you want to take it.” “Edmond,” Valdespino replied sharply, “what have you done to Ambra?” “She’s safe, Robert. I promise you that. But you need to make a choice. You can walk away from me, in which case I will do everything in my power to destroy you and Prince Julián. Or you can align with me, in which case I will make you king, Robert. I will give you the crown, and you can marry Ambra, and your children with her will be the future of Spain.” There was a long silence. “Edmond,” Valdespino finally said, “you’re insane if you think I would ever agree to that.” “Yes, or yes,” Edmond replied calmly. “You walk away, I destroy you. You work with me, I make you king. The choice, as I see it, is simple. I’ve just sent']
