\n\n\n### Input:\nWrite a story on a professor on a voyage.\n\n### Response:\n Special Agent Gunther Glick had always prided himself on his ability to spot inconsistencies, and yet the story Rachel Sexton had just told him sounded entirely consistent to him. The meteorite, according to the professor, had been discovered by a transvestite hooker, and so Glick figured he’d give the woman the benefit of the doubt. I’ll take her word for it. Glick sat quietly in the U.S. Rachel Sexton sat beside him, looking exhausted. The two NASA men were before them, looking equally drained. Corky and Norah were in the back of the room, standing off to one side, looking like they wanted to be anywhere but here. Marjorie Tench stood against the back wall, arms folded, clearly displeased with the developments. Only the administrator remained, silent, beside the videophone. “GUNTER GUNTER,” the administrator snapped, jolting Glick from his daydreams. “DO WE HAVE INFORMATION THAT’S RELEVANT TO THE PRESIDENT?”\nGlick started, realizing he had zoned out. “Uh, yes, sir. We just heard it from the White House.” He turned to Rachel Sexton. “Ma’am, did you know the President was watching?”\nShe shook her head, looking distressed.\n“Well, sir,” Glick said, turning back to the administrator. “The President was pretty upset to hear about the meteorite. He wanted to know if we’d had any contact with the White House’s own meteorite specialist, a man named Michael Tolland.”\n“Did we?” the administrator asked.\n“No, sir. But we do have information on that, too. I’d like to play a phone message for you, sir.”\nThe administrator nodded. “Go ahead.”\nGlick turned to Rachel Sexton. “Would you please play the message, ma’am?”\nShe gave a weary nod and walked over to the videophone, pressed some buttons, and played the message. Glick listened in. The voice on the machine was a faint, crackly radio transmission. “This is Mike Tolland. If anyone is receiving this message, please contact me immediately. I’m trying to reach NASA and the White House. I’m on a satellite phone, so the connection is lousy, and I don’t know how long this call will be available. The meteorite is not what every
